# Fill in, commit and push each day.
Member name: Aarav Pradhan      email:  aarav.pradhan@mail.utoronto.ca   utorid: pradha91

Oct 14,2024
	What I did yesterday: N/A
	What I will do today: Read the assignment objectives and form a group
	Obstacles I face: Coordinating with peers for group formation

Oct 15,2024
	What I did yesterday: Discussed with my peers to form a group, and completed the group form on the page.
	What I will do today: Have an brief meeting with my team members to understand the tasks we have to complete in the timeframe
	Obstacles I face: Setting aside time to coordinate tasks, and gauging how much time each teammate can commit to the assignment with personal commitments aside

Oct 16,2024
	What I did yesterday: Had a brief meeting with my teammates, and discussed project objectives.
	What I will do today: Read the lab07 handout and coordinated with teammates who had a lab on 16th of October and populated the repository.
	Obstacles I face: Understanding branching and merging with several contributors on a repository.

Oct 17,2024
	What I did yesterday: Read the lab07 handout and assignment 2 introduction, synchronised my progress with the work completed by teammates the previous day.
	What I will do today: Complete my additions of 2 user stories to product backlog, selecting a bug to implement, and begin branching on that bug.
	Obstacles I face: Following proper branching conventions, including naming branches, setting upstream and committing on branch.

Oct 18,2024
	What I did yesterday: Added my information to members.txt and ran Paint.java, added two user stories amd pushed to master.
	What I will do today: Begin implementing BUG1.001, setting expected timeframe to 2 days.
	Obstacles I face: Understanding the JavaFX API for buttons and the addition of graphics to the app.

Oct 19,2024
	What I did yesterday: Reviewed and researched JavaFX API on Buttons, Image, ImageView, along with setGraphic() method.
	What I will do today: Fully implement and complete BUG1.001 and commit and merge the branch with the master to include icons on the buttons.
	Obstacles I face: Ensuring encapsulation and proper class relationships, and following JavaFX API to implement icons.

Oct 20,2024
	What I did yesterday: Successfully committed and pushed BUG1.001 to master and updated product and sprint1 backlogs.
	What I will do today: Work on User Stories part of sprint1backlog and add more UML diagrams to Architecture.pdf.
	Obstacles I face: Ensuring the team's diagrams reflect the rules of UML diagrams, and descriptions are consistent with the code design.

Oct 21,2024
	What I did yesterday: Completed architecture.txt, designed and organized UML diagrams, finished all the User Stories and Bugs for sprint 1
	and coordinated with team members to ensure all tasks are finished
	What I will do today: Read the sprint2 handout and begin allocating tasks to sprint 2 backlog, along with meeting with the team
	to decide what tasks each member will do.
	Obstacles I face: Understanding the program architecture, and creating solutions consistent to it.

Oct 22,2024
	What I did yesterday: Updated sprintbacklog 2, allocated tasks for sprint 2 to team members, discussing the main changes required in code to meet the requirements.
	What I will do today: Assign main coding tasks to team members, and decide how many user stories and bugs each team member should complete keeping in mind the work they
	completed in the first sprint.
	Obstacles I face: Deciding which tasks to allocate to each teammate, and begin working on the required objectives.

Oct 23,2024
	What I did yesterday: Discussed and planned architecture considerations with teammates, and established the need of link between classes
	circle, rectangle, oval and triangle
	What I will do today: Understand which design patterns to use to enhance architecture, including possibly the command and factory design patterns.
	Obstacles I face: Understanding which design pattern(s) should be implemented in the existing code to improve the architecture, is it suitable, and considering the drawbacks.

Oct 24,2024
	What I did yesterday: Decided to modify PaintPanel by considering how to represent all the different shapes and modes in one class. Researched
	and read into the decorator design pattern along with the builder design pattern to decide how to efficiently allocate draw modes.
	What I will do today: Have a meeting with teammates to discuss the possibility of breaking BUG2.003 down into smaller, more
	achievable bugs to improve architecture in a step-wise process.
	Obstacles I face: Being able to create sub-tasks out of a large task like improving code architecture.

Oct 25,2024
	What I did yesterday: Broke BUG2.003 into three major subtasks and branched off the branch BUG2.003 to implement each task and eventually merge back to branch
	What I will do today: Prepare for the CSC207 midterm, and study design patterns to both benefit my knowledge and code architecture considerations.
	Obstacles I face: Ensuring stress management, and retaining information.

Oct 26,2024
	What I did yesterday: Studied for the CSC207 term test
	What I will do today: Give the CSC207 term test.
	Obstacles I face: Ensuring I manage my time effectively, and am aware of all the required concepts.

Oct 27,2024
	What I did yesterday: Completed the CSC207 Term test, and then began working on BUG2.003 again.
	What I will do today: Complete BUG2.003, rearrange the code created by my group members to meet the architectural changes and push to remote.
	Obstacles I face: Ensuring that the code logic remains unchanged while making architectural changes, and managing merging back to the master branch.

Oct 28,2024
	What I did yesterday: Completed and pushed all requirements for sprint 2
	What I will do today: Wait for sprint 3 information to release.
	Obstacles I face: Planning once the sprint releases.

Oct 29,2024
	What I did yesterday: Waited for sprint 3 information to release.
	What I will do today: Read through the sprint 3 briefs, and discuss the basic premise of tasks with teammates.
	Obstacles I face: Delegating tasks to teammates according to past contributions

Oct 30,2024
	What I did yesterday: Had a call with teammates to understand which tasks to perform with each teammate, I took up BUG?.004
	What I will do today: Consider options for architecture changes to PaintPanel and shape classes.
	Obstacles I face: Deciding which design patterns to apply to each class involved in paintpanel.

Oct 31,2024
	What I did yesterday: Decided to first implement a shape super class to enclose all annotations under one class. Using a factory design pattern to prevent the case conditions checking modes.
	What I will do today: Create the new BUG3.004 branch, select and update the product and sprint 3 backlogs, and begin making changes
	Obstacles I face: Deciding how my changes impact the rest of the code and the correctness of logic.

Nov 1,2024
	What I did yesterday: Implemented the shape super class, and created inheritance relationships with all the draieng modes. Pushed changes on branch.
	What I will do today: Fix a bug in the functionality and addition of shapes to the PaintModel, and push changes to the branch, attempting to complete BUG3.004
	Obstacles I face: Ensuring that my changes to the architecture match my group members' implementations of User Stories.

Nov 2,2024
	What I did yesterday: Completed BUG3.004, and planned the redo and undo functionality for user stories.
	What I will do today: Set a pull request for BUG3.004, and got the bug branch merged to master. Began working on Undo/Redo.
	Obstacles I face: Ensuring that we manage any merge conflicts that may occur while merging all the team members' branches.

Nov 3,2024
	What I did yesterday: Completed BUG3.005, Completed US3.008 and US3.009 adding undo/redo functionality and enlarging the canvas UI.
	What I will do today: Organize, manage pull requests and merge to master. Coordinate with team members to finalise changes.
	Obstacles I face: Ensuring pull requests are handled properly.

Nov 4,2024
	What I did yesterday: Merged and completed sprint3, ensuring all required information is complete.
	What I will do today: Plan for tasks and user stories in sprint 4, and finalize architecture and code organization.
	Obstacles I face: Ensuring the code meets the expectations of the use-case.

Nov 5,2024
	What I did yesterday: Worked on User stories for adding text box, additional feature. Began fixing architecture to meet new changes.
	What I will do today: Continue and finish text box and continue architecture changes, handle team pull requests.
	Obstacles I face: Ensuring all tasks are completed punctually and team members coordinate changes.

Nov 6,2024
	What I did yesterday: Completed implementing select mode, and multi select mode.
	What I will do today: Add a pull request to merge select mode, and begin implementing changes to the application size and layout.
	Obstacles I face: Ensuring that additional features function as needed and do not negatively impact base features of the application.

Nov 7,2024
	What I did yesterday: Busy making several architectural changes for the Assignment 2, and changing the selection logic, along with undo logic.
	What I will do today: Complete and merge selection user story, architecture changes bug, and finish background colour change bug. Begin working on architecture.txt.
	Obstacles I face: Managing my time well and allocating tasks effectively to team members.

Nov 8,2024
	What I did yesterday: Completed selection user story, and added move element functionality to selection.
	What I will do today: Complete add background user story, fix any bugs or issues after merging changes, and work on final writing documents.
	Obstacles I face: Making changes that align with the major architecture changes.

Nov 9,2024
	What I did yesterday: Completed selection, and finished full undo functionality. Worked on architecture and writing.
	What I will do today: Continue working on architecture documents, organize and rename files based on design patterns.
	Obstacles I face: Making changes while team members merge more changes to master.

Nov 10,2024
	What I did yesterday: Completed remainings bugs and stories
	What I will do today: Finish final version of assignment.
	Obstacles I face: Completing on time.

Nov 11,2024
	What I did yesterday:
	What I will do today:
	Obstacles I face:

Nov 12,2024
	What I did yesterday:
	What I will do today:
	Obstacles I face:

Nov 13,2024
	What I did yesterday:
	What I will do today:
	Obstacles I face:

Nov 14,2024
	What I did yesterday:
	What I will do today:
	Obstacles I face:

